MOBSTER 1: Hey, hey, hey![GRUNTS]
MOBSTER 2: What the fuck?[CHOKES]
[TIRES SCREECHING][HORNS BLARING]
DON:  Wait  I gotta call it in!
[HORN BLARING]
MAN: Move it!
[GUNSHOTS]
[MOBSTER 3 GRUNTS]
MOBSTER 4: Hey!
Bobby, you hear me?
Right there, motherfucker!
[GUNSHOTS][MAN GROANING]
[LITTLE TONY GRUNTING]
LITTLE TONY:  Please!
Just fucking stop, man!
Just put the gun down!
Come on.[WHIMPERING]
Please.
I'm fucking begging you.
I didn't touch him! I didn't touch that old man!
I wasn't even...[GROANS][THUD]
[GUN COCKS]
YOUNG CHRIS:  Worse on Frida  Died on Saturday
Buried on Sunday
That was the end Of Solomon Grundy
Solomon Grundy Born on a Monday
Christened on Tuesday
[YOUNG JUSTINE WHIMPERING]Justine, please.
NEUROLOGIST:  It's calle  "stimming," self-stimulation.
Whereas you and I might tap our fingers...
grind our teeth, bite our nails...
your son rocks back and forth.
It's more obvious,but perfectly natural.
We came here because
we heard youspecialized in, uh...
What is it?What does he have?
I'm not a fanof labels, ma'am.
Your son is a remarkable young man.
CHRIS' MOTHER:  Who goes crazy when you turn the vacuum on.
He wears one T-shirt, won't let you hug him.
NEUROLOGIST: Loud noises, bright lights...
can be especially difficultfor someone like your son.
The shirt, most likelyfabric sensitivity.
[YOUNG JUSTINE WHIMPERING]
Hugging, closeness, touching...
Justine, no shoes today.
That can be a challenge, yes.
CHRIS' MOTHER:  When it'  somebody else's child...
it's a challenge.
When it's yours...
it's a problem.
My practice focuseson education.
I'd like to work with your son, at his speed.
Help him develop the skills
he'll need tolead a full life.
Communicating,eye contact...
understanding non-verbal cues...
making friends.
CHRIS' MOTHER:  The only frien  he has is his little brother.
I'm sure moving from base to base hasn't helped.
My husband's in the Army,which means we all are.
Would you be willingto let your son
stay with usfor the summer...
free of charge,working with me
in a sensory-friendlyenvironment?
That's not gonna happen.
If loud noises andbright lights bother him...
he needs more of it,not less.
The world is not a sensory-friendly place...
and that's where he needs to learn to live.
[WHIMPERING]
CHRIS' FATHER:  Not in here.
Doctor, in your opinion...
can our son leada normal life?
Define normal.
[GROANS] I need to finish!I need to finish!
Solomon Grundy Born on a Monday
Christened on Tuesday Married on Wednesday
Sick on Thursday Worse on Friday
Died on Saturday Buried on Sunday
[YOUNG JUSTINE WHIMPERS] I need to finish!
Solomon Grundy Born on a Monday
Christened on Tuesday Married on Wednesday
Sick on Thursday Worse on Friday
Died on Saturday
Buried on Sunday[PANTING
[WHIMPERS]
Hmm. Mmm.
[MUMBLING]
FRANK:  I, uh... I never thought of myself as a quitter.
Fourth-generation farmer.
But betweenthe property taxes...
and the fertilizer costs,and insurance...
Oh, to hell with it.
What if, just temporarily,mind you...
we put this year's taxeson our credit card?
Do you like it?
I made it myself.
No, not particularly.
But do you ever sell one?
At church fairsnow and again.
Mrs. Rice, you may havewhat the IRS calls
a "home-based business."
What room do you use in your house when you make those?
I don't, really.
Just whereverI happen to be, I guess.
In front of the TV, at the kitchen table.
I like to spreadmy beads out
in the dining roombut Frank gets...
Yes, it would be better if you could try to remember...
the one specific spacethat you use.
Your home is 2913 square feet.
IRS code allows us to deductfrom your taxable income...
a percentage of your workspacerelative to your overall home.
What... Mr. Rice...
how big is your dining room?
Mrs. Rice's office.
[CHUCKLES] I wouldn't so muchas call it an office...
[FRANK CLEARS THROAT]DOLORES:  Oh.
It's, uh,approximately 200, uh...
Well, make it300 square feet.
Excellent. Mrs. Rice...
Dolores.
Dolores, when you ordersupplies, do you order online?
I don't. I just zip on overto the bead store.
Zip?
I drive the truck.
The company truck.
[SIRENS WAILINGAT A DISTANCE]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
RAY:  Come in.
BANK PRESIDENT: [ON PHONE] Mr. King, you have wandered
so far outside your legal purview.
As president of Southern Gulf Bank,
I intend to protect my customers' privacy.
Stop talking.
You have a verycavalier attitude
for the president of a bank...
with such a piss-poorcapital cushion.
Now, I want a record of every transaction
Abayed has had for the past two years.
Deposits, withdrawals,
cashier's checks,credit cards.
Birmingham or Bahrain,it is now Treasury business.
Goodbye.
Medina.
Am I saying that correctly?
Medina, yes, sir.
I've read all your case files,Director King.
It's impressive work. Very.
Marybeth Ascension Medina.
Graduated Universityof Baltimore cum laude
with a degreein criminal justice.
Two years Baltimore PDas an analyst,
two more at Homeland,analyst again...
and the last five yearshere at Treasury.
Analyst.
You did the heavy lifting
on Agent Lorenz'scase last month.
I worked on it, yeah,but Agent Lorenz...
Why haven't you appliedfor promotion to agent?
You're alreadydoing the work.
Analyst is a good fit.
And I enjoy the work, so...
[CLICKS TONGUE]Well, you're a liar, Medina.
Ward of the state ofMaryland's foster care
and juveniledetention systems...
from age 11 to 18.
Weapons charges, assault and battery.
Ouch.
Attempted murder.
Those records were sealed.
That a nine millimeter?
.45.
You better sit yourass back down
in that chair, young lady.
This is a big moment for you.
Make a good choice.
Lying on a federal employmentapplication is a felony.
So right now,I'm the only thing standing
between you andsignificant prison time.
What do you want?
Do you like puzzles,Marybeth Medina?
FRANK: I meantwhat I said, son.
You're welcomeout to the place anytime.
Do you fish?
I got a two-acre pondthat is just thick
with catfish and bass...
I don't fish. I shoot.
Well, the farm'sa perfect place
to do a littleplinkin', so...
Well...
Thank you.
You take care, son.
My daughter'smeeting me for lunch.
I think you twojust might hit it off.
Nice to see you.
RAY:  Already enhanced.
Was taken three years ago in Antwerp
by an undercover Interpol agent.
Their target'son the far right.
Yeah, Zalmay Atta.
Go on.
Ran the world's largestopium pipeline.
Ties to Karzai and Ghani, Taliban.
I mean, he was considereduntouchable.
Look at the rest.Tell me what you see.
Yeah, I remembermost of these arrests.They were huge.
Focus.They're not all arrests.
[CLEARS THROAT]
MARYBETH:  It's the same man.
"Lou Carroll."
For what it's worth,it's an alias.
The Hong Kong photo goes backabout five years.
In that one, he's "Carl Gauss."
Tokyo, Tel Aviv, Naples.
There wasa sighting in Tehran.
All describing the same man. "An accountant."
"Our accountant.""The accountant."
The accountant,like CPA accountant?
[INHALES SHARPLY]
Okay.
Say you're the head ofthe Sinaloa Cartel.
Now, the cartelscount their money...
by weighing it in18-wheelers.
But one sunny Mexican day...
your in-house money scrubber
comes to you and saysyou're 30 million light.
Who can you trust to do the forensic accounting...
track your stolen cash?
Deloitte and Touche?H&R Block?
You somehow...
contact an individual capable of coming in cold...
un-cooking years of books...
and getting out alive.
I retire in seven months.
Before I do, I need toknow who he is.
How he does it.
I mean, who survivesthis kind of clientele?
The secrets this guy has.
What exactly do youwant me to do?
Report directly to me.
No other case work.
No other Treasurypersonnel involved.
At the end of the month,
one of two thingswill have occurred.
Resolution of this case...
or we update your photo.
♪ Daylight come
♪ Daylight go
♪ How far will it reach
♪ Ain't nobody know
♪ When the dawn breaks
♪ The cradle will fall
♪ And down come baby
[BLOWS]
♪ Cradle and all
♪ A. E. I. O. U
♪ E. I. O. U
♪ A. E. I. O. U. I...
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
CHRIS' MOTHER:  You want i  your way? You got it!
[YOUNG CHRIS SOBBING]
[YOUNG CHRIS SCREAMING]
Mom! Mom! Mom!
Mom! Why is Mom leaving?Mom!
Mom! Mom!
[ARGUING]
We just got home.
You're always...
[SHATTERING]
[CONTINUES SCREAMING]
Mom! Why are you leaving?
CHRIS' FATHER: I'm just asking you to stay.
Just, please stay.We had help!
Stay here!Don't go anywhere!You threw it away!
[YOUNG CHRISCONTINUES SCREAMING]
No. Hey!
[STRUGGLING]
That's it.
Please don't leave...[CHRIS' FATHER SHUSHING]
YOUNG CHRIS:  Mom!
CHRIS' FATHER: Here we go, here we go.
Here we go.
Solomon Grundy Born on a Monday
Solomon Grundy
Born on a Monday
Christened on Tuesday Married on a Wednesday
Sick on Thursday
[WHIMPERING]
Died on Saturday Buried on Sunday
That was the end of Solomon Grundy
Do it again.
Solomon Grundy Born on a Monday
[BEEPING]
Looks like somebody's seentoo many westerns.
Yeah, must be what...
a mile out?
[CHUCKLES]
Not on my best day...
[GUNSHOT]
Holy shit! [SCOFFS]
[CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING]
[EXHALES]
FRANCIS:  Okay, listen to me.
In-flec-tion. Right? Listen,just listen to my tone.
I say, "Oh, I'm anotheryear older...
"and I don't knowif I'm ever gonna
get out ofthis fucking place."
And you say...
You're probably right,Francis. You're extremely old.
It's unlikelyyou'll survive to...
No. Hold on.That's not what you say.
[SIGHS] Two yearstogether every night.
I gave you a PhDin black money,
but you gotta learn this.
This is crucial.You're frustrated.
What am I?You're frustrated.
That's what I am.
I'm frustrated.Good, good. Excellent.
Finally. All right.Let's do another one.
[BELL RINGING]
GUARD: [ON PA]  Lights out  ladies. Lights out.
FRANCIS: [WHISPERS]Names and addresses. Go.
CHRIS: Semion Ivankov.
79 PrimorskyBoulevard, Odessa.
The Meier brothers,Moshe and Itzhak.
221 She'arim Boulevardin Jerusalem.
Dominic Rabito of960 Court Street, Brooklyn.
FRANCIS:  Ask for Bobby.
CHRIS: Ask for Bobby.
FRANCIS: [SIGHS] You know, I'm old.
I may be remembering things
a little rosierthan they were.
You want to fill out 1040sand itemize deductions and...
pull in 50 grand a year?That's a living.
Because if you go downthis road, this road...
you can't go back,you understand?
It's dangerous.Do you understand?
CHRIS: I understand.
FRANCIS:  You find one perso  you can trust, just one.
And do not make my mistake.
You keep movingyour ass around.
[SIGHS]
They gave mea new handler today.
I don't like this guy.He's dull.
Worried.
Ah, fuck it.
[INHALES]
Good night, son.
CHRIS:  Good night, Francis.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
What about Zurich?Saudi Arabia?
WOMAN: [ON PHONE  The Swiss are cheap.
Dubai is one thing, but we're too conspicuous
in the Kingdom. I vote Chicago.
Why?
There's an uptick in online chatter.
People looking for you.
What people? The unfriendly kind.
Let's try a legitimate client for once.
No cartels, arms brokers, money launderers, assassins.
I like safe. I like you safe.
CHRIS:  Everyone's hiding something.
At least there'shonor among thieves.
There's honor among Illinois electronics manufacturers.
They're in your current back yard.
No risk of movement. You'll meet?
CHRIS:  Yeah, I'll meet.
One last piece of business.
Just the Renoir.
I don't have a buyer for the Renoir.
The Pollock can move. Will you ever let it go?
Hello?
Just the Renoir.Drop the price.
Heavy sigh.
Go to work, dreamboat.
[INDISTINCT CHATTERING]
Now, Mr. Wolff, I half suspectwe're wasting your time.
I'm quite sure you're not.
And you know this how?
I'm on the clock.[SCOFFS]
Shit.
I hope we're notwasting ours then.
Look, kidding aside,
I think if you saw our books,you'd run for the hills.
We have an incrediblycomplicated accounting system.
Depreciation schedules on hundreds of different items.
Full-time and contract employees.
Department of Defenseclassified accounts.
It's a numerical shitstorm.
I'll need to seeall those booksfor the past 10 years.
Bank statements, complete listof clients and vendors.
Hard copies printed out,my eyes only.
All the information'sright here.
ED:  Okay, well, well, look.
This all came to my attentiononly last week.
Now, a junior cost accountant
stuck her nose where it didn't belong...
and obviously had no idea what she was looking at.
Lamar's overreacting.There's no missing money.
How long have you been CFOof this company, sir?
15 years.
I need the booksfor the past 15, please.
You're awful goddamn blunt!
I'm Lamar Blackburn'soldest friend.
I've been by his sidesince he was turning out
RC robots thatRadioShack called crap.
I wouldn't take a dimewithout his say-so.
You're angry.
Oh, this is bullshit.
Unusual way of makingcontact with you, Mr. Wolff.
You were recommended by Mansoor Haqqani.
We custom-made prostheticsfor his youngest daughter.
You may know that she lost both legs to a car bomb
outside hisinvestment firm in Lahore.
He told my brother, Lamar,
that you were nothingshort of supernatural.
Mr. Haqqani holds advanced degrees
in mathematicsfrom Cambridge...
and Caltech.
Why does a manlike that need you?
I don't discussclient business.
[EXHALES]
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS]
What do you supposethat young manis thinking right now?
"Why do I still feel my arm?"
I don't know.
"How did everything go so wrong, so fast?"
"It's cold.Turn up the heat."
Christian Wolff,I presume.
Mr. Blackburn.
Lamar.
Come with me.
Are you awareof Living Robotics'
three income streams?
Consumer electronics,next generation prosthetics,
unmannedmilitary applications.
Prosthetics division showedtremendous growth
over the last 10 years.
It seems to have matured.
Consumer products is yourhighest source of revenue...
followed closely byDefense Department contracts
and prostheticsat two and three.
Yeah. [CHUCKLES]You are well informed.
I never married.
Never had kids.
This company is my child.
That said, money hasnever been a motivation.
Balance sheets,profit and loss statements...
My mind doesn't functionthe way yours must.
I need you to be myeyes and ears, Chris.
Whatever you needto do your job,
you let me know.
I'll start in the morning.
[CHUCKLES]
Son of a bitch.
[SCOFFS]
Bloody hell.
Excuse me?
Who the fuckdo you think you are?
Do you knowwho the fuck I am?
BRAX: Simon Dewey.
Founder, CEO, Dewey Capital.
American. Shocking.
I have kidnap insurance.You obviously know that.
Sorry, but how in the world
would I knowthat you have kid...
You peoplefucking amaze me...
[GASPS, COUGHS]
When you interruptsomebody like that,
it makes them feel...
that you're justnot interested
in what they have to say.
Or maybe you just thinkwhat you have to say
is more important thanwhat I have to say.
Is that what you think?
That gun makes youa big man, does it, hmm?
[LAUGHS]
This gun? Simon, come on.
I'm part of a smallbut potent department
of a private security force.
We have a client,let's call it
a Europeanmanufacturing concern.
You're shorting their stock, but simultaneously...
you're spreading false rumors regarding
the health of the company.
The resulting declinein the stock price,
it's made you your millions...
but it's beenat my client's expense.
They have been forced to cuthundreds of jobs, Simon.
These are third-generationmetal workers,
people with families.
Pensions are being renderedworthless because of you.
But you'll stop now.Correct?
Which company?
Wrong answer, Simon.
Look, genius...
[GROANS, COUGHS]
That's the same spot,Simon.
Why you gonna let me hit youin the same exact spot?
I only meant...
we hold short positionson dozens of companies.
Shit, son.
I suppose you're spreadingfalse information
about more than one company.
If that's what you're doing,
you're just gonna have tostop shorting them all.
That's ridiculous.I can't be expected to...
[GROANING]
Ooh, I know.[SHUSHING]
All right, get your chin up,Simon. No pouting on my watch.
You're a man. You just...
You're a man in your own way.
[GROANING]
All right.
I'm an avid readerof the  Journal...
so I expect the cooperationto be reflected there.
[PANTING]
Simon?
Are we good?
Yeah?
[CHUCKLES]
Attaboy, Simon.Proud of you.
[DOOR BANGS LOUDLY]
[EXHALES]
[CLEARS THROAT]
Oh, hello.
Good morning. Oh, shit.
Hi.
Hi.Um, um...
I'm Dana Cummings.You're the consultant?Mr. Wolff?
Chris.Hi, Chris, then. Um...
I'm Dana.
Cummings.
Yes. Um...
These are all thefiles you wanted.
I cross-referenced themby year and alphabetically,so...
Must have taken youall night.
It sure did. [CHUCKLES]
Hmm.
Right.
So...
What do you want,Dana Cummings?
Oh. Mr. Blackburn, um...
Sorry, he said I should...
I'm the person whofirst noticed the missing...
What I think wasthe missing money.
Yes, I understand.I'll find it.
Yeah. I thought we could...have lunch...
I brought my own lunch.
No...
I bring my own lunch, too.
I can answer anyquestions that you have...
I have no questions.
Yeah, okay. Yeah, you wanna...make your own assessment.
Yes, thank you!
Okay. Um...
I'm in accountingif you need anything.
There's, uh...
some donutsthere for you.
I don't eat donuts.
Okay.
REPORTER:  Mr. Secretary!
TREASURY SECRETARY:Yes, Helen.
Sir, there's beenspeculation...
that your ability to linkbanks in South Florida
to money launderingefforts of terrorists...
are actually the result ofa whistleblower or the NSA.
Care to comment?
Let me turn this over tothe head of my task force...
Financial Crimes Director,Raymond King.
[REPORTERS CLAMORING]
Folks, there's nogreat mystery here.
Nothing fancy.Just team effort...
comprised of long hours of
good old-fashionedinvestigative work.
Questions?
[REPORTERS CLAMORING]
REPORTER:  Could you answer the whistleblower question?
[PHONE VIBRATING]RAY:  No.
Hey, Sorkis,give me something.
SORKIS:  I matched the face i  your Antwerp photo
to surveillance videoin NYPD database.
MARYBETH:  Wait, wait, wait  NYPD? What did you find?
2006. Your guy takes outtwo Mob enforcers...
with a steak knifehe lifted off
an Italian restaurantdown the street.
Then he strolls into a den of stone-cold killers
and goes on a seven-man killing spree...
using their own weapons.
Headshot, headshot,headshot.
MARYBETH:  Sorkis, stop.
A den of stone-cold killers? Where is this?
The Ravenite. Headquartersof the Gambino crime family.
He killed Anthony "Little Tony" Bazzano.
Forensics lists cause of death as blunt force trauma.
Your boy kicked himin the head... once.
Again. Play it again.
MOBSTER 1: Hey, hey, hey![GRUNTS]
What the fuck?[CHOKES]
DON:  Wait! I gotta call it in!
I've also gotan audio file here.
Inside of the Ravenitewas bugged.
LITTLE TONY:  Come on.
Please.
SORKIS:  That's Little Tony.
LITTLE TONY: I'm fucking begging you.
I didn't touch him! I didn't touch that old man!
MARYBETH:  Okay, get me that recording ASAP.
LITTLE TONY: I wasn't even...[GROANS]
M.B...
you're an analyst for Treasury.
What the hell you got yourself into?
[PEOPLE CHATTERING]
What do you have to hitto dent a steel thermos?
It's just old.
How did you, um, get intofinancial consulting?
[SIGHS] Department of Laborstatistics indicate
it's one of thefastest-growing professions.
Actuarial sciencesare experiencing
tremendous growth as well.
Okay.
I like the balance of it.
You know, I like findingthings that aren't obvious.
Plus, my dad was an accountant.
He actually...
You know, he hadthe whole shtick.The, uh...
You know, the littleamortization book
and the green eyeshadeand...
the dorky pocketprotector and...
I have a pocket protector.
That's a nice one. I mean,his was dorky, that's...
Yours is nice.
Um, but he convinced meto go into the field.
Because I wanted tostudy art
at the Art Instituteof Chicago...
[SIGHS]  but art doesn'  pay the mortgage.
"Art doesn't paythe mortgage, young lady."
Dad's tastes ran moreto  Dogs Playing Poker.
I like  Dogs Playing Poker.
Because dogs would never bet on things...
and so it's incongruous.
I like incongruity.
Yeah,  Dogs Playing Pokerisnice. It's just sort of a...
Just different.
So I studiedaccounting at the
University of Chicago,where fun goes to die.
Why?
Why what?
Why does fun go to dieat the University of Chicago?
Oh, no,it's just an expression.
I'm joking.
[CHUCKLES]
Right.
Um, I'll leave you to it.Okay.
Let me know if you needanything while you're here.
Have a nice day.
DANA: Yes. You, too.
[BLOWS]
CHRIS:  Explain the 376,109... 6,500,000... 6,008,000...
[CHRIS MURMURING]
Accounts receivable, earnings before interest...
tax, depreciation, administrative expenses...
[CONTINUES MURMURING]
100,644,000...
Hydraulic sync systems, aluminum bar supplies,
techmod fitting, stable joints...
[CONTINUES MURMURING]
LITTLE TONY:  Please.
I'm fucking begging you.
I didn't touch him! I didn't touch that old man!
I wasn't even...[GROANS]
[SIGHS]
Okay.
Give me something.
LITTLE TONY:[DISTORTED]  Please.
...fucking begging...
I didn't touch him! I didn't touch that old man!
I wasn't even...[GROANS]
[SIGHS]
Come on, come on, come on.
LITTLE TONY:  ...begging you.
I didn't touch him! I didn't touch that old man!
[SIGHS HEAVILY]
[DISTORTED]
CHRIS:  Born on a Monday
Christened on Tuesday Married on Wednesday
Solomon Grundy
Born on a Monday
Christened on Tuesday Married on Wednesday
Solomon Grundy
Come in! Come in,come in, come in.
You have to see this.Look at this.
[STUTTERS]It's gonna blow you away.
I mean, it'll justjump right out at you.
There it is.
Uh-huh.
Living Robotics,10 years ago.
Earnings before interest,tax, depreciation.
$14,495,719.
Nine years ago...
earnings before taxand depreciation...
revenues go up,profits go down.
Down? No largecapital expenditures
dragging profits down.
No spike in raw materialsor labor costs.
Year eight, profitsand revenue both go up,
but not in acommensurate fashion.
X no longer equals Y.
Six, five, four, three.You're making money...
but there's a leak.
And the leak is...
Leak, where's the leak?Here.
Slewitt Manufacturing.I've signed these checks.
Who authorized it?Ed.
Mr. Chilton. They makeelectronic assemblies
for the consumer division.
No, they don't.Look at this.
You notice anything?
Second numberin each is a three.
Yes.
Most people, when generating random numbers
tend to rely subconsciously on certain...
patterns.Patterns, yeah.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]Yes.
I was right!You were right.
[BOTH LAUGH]
Yeah.
I went through theseledgers for months,
and I got throughone fiscal year.
You went through15 overnight?
That's not eventhe best part.
The best part is,they're routing money
to a companythat doesn't exist.
And yet, profits go up.And they continue going up.
Absolutely makes no sense.
BOTH: Where's the moneycoming from?
Exactly!
Um, it's not inventory?
Inventory turns. No.
Chargebacks to vendors?
No. Perfectly in order.
Internal offsets?
No. That's a terrible idea.
[CHUCKLES] Um...[DOOR OPENS]
[CHRIS CLEARS THROAT]
Cummings, you're needed in...
whatever area I'm paying youto be needed in.
Sorry.
And?
[SIGHS, MUMBLES]
$61,679,000.
And some change.
Who did it? Best guess.
I don't guess.
You'll have a report for me?
When I'm finished, yes.
BRAX:  Hey, Ed.What the...
We're havinglemon merengue pie.
Those two bottles of insulin.
You know, I just thought...
that you would appreciate me
treating you likean adult, right?
So here's what I got.
[EXHALES]
You administeryour own accidental
insulin overdose,and just...
die.
But do it with dignity.
Your wife,who's sleeping upstairs,
she'll bethe beneficiary...
of what's gotta bea very generous
insurance policy,am I right?
But the only way she's gonnacollect on that policy, Ed...
is if we have the appearanceof an accident.
If we lay our hands on you,you're gonna fight, squeal.
She wakes up,my hands are tied.
One accidental death isjust that, but two, no.
I'll have no choice.
I'll have to rock and rolla home invasion...
violate your wifea dozen different ways...
kill you both,burn the place to the ground.
I'm sorry for that.Ed, Ed, Ed?
Hey, nobody's gonnaviolate your wife, okay?
Aside fromwhat that would say
about me asa human being...
physiologicallyit's a non-starter.
Sometimes I thinkI just say shit,
sample what comes outof my mouth.
I will, however,park a .45 in her brainpan.
I honor my commitments.
It's a concept youand your sticky fingers
probably find hard to grasp.
[WHIMPERING]
Make a decision, sir.
Where are you going?Sir?
Sir?
Stop that. Why are youdoing that? Stop that.
Sir? Sir? What are you doing?Excuse me?
Mr. Chilton passed away.
I was told toclean up the room.
What's happening?
Can you give usa minute, please?
This is the balanceof your contract.
I understand you're upset...Yes, I'm upset.
I haven't finished yet.
Yes, you have.
Ed was a diabeticfor 30 years.
You think he didn't knowhow to check his blood sugar?
Whatever unresolvedissues remain...
my friend was poisonedenough by them
to take his own life.
As far as I'm concerned,whatever he did is forgiven.
Please. I need tofinish, please.
Sorry, I'll come back.No, no, come in, dear.
We're done.
You're very good, Mr. Wolff.
But I hope our pathsnever cross again.
I'm responsible for the deathof my best friend.
I'd prefer not to bereminded of it.
Do you think that's true?
That Mr. Chiltonkilled himself...
I mean, do you thinkwe're responsible?
It's very hardfor me to interpret
why people do what they do.
I'm not finished.I'm not finished with this.
I mean, look...Look at this.
See, cost reports.This is out of order.
They completely rearranged this. I don't...
I'm not finished.I'm not finished...
[SIGHS]
Bye, Chris.
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
[GRUNTS]
[GRUNTING]
[CONTINUES GRUNTING]
[PANTING]
[BEEPING]
YOUNG CHRIS: No! Mom! Mom!
Mom! Mom! Mom!
Why is Mom leaving?
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[ALARM BEEPING]
[COWS MOOING]
PENCAK SILAT MASTER: Again.
[YOUNG BRAX ANDYOUNG CHRIS GRUNTING]
[ALL GRUNTING]
Again.
[GRUNTING]
Enough.
They're not done.
Tomorrow is another day.They have done their best.
If that were true,you'd be covered
in blood and snot,not them.
Keep going.
Aggression,correctly channeled,
overcomes a lot of flaws.
Tapping into thataggression requires...
peeling back severallayers of yourself.
It's my job to know my sons' limitations.
Get up.
It's your job to peel.
Do your job.On your feet.
[SPEAKING INDONESIAN]
PENCAK SILAT MASTER:  Again!
THUG:  We could hav  went to his house,
shot him in his home.
And we'd beon a plane by now.
Or on a security camera,or some nosyneighbor's iPhone.
[SCOFFS]
[GUN COCKS]
Call the bookkeeper in.
[DOLORES SNIFFLES]
[STUTTERS] He's just too far.He won't hear.
Now.Let's go.
Get up. Come on.
[DOLORES SOBS]
Move!
Come on, come on, come on.
[WAILS]
[SHOUTS] Christian!
Chris!
Again! Louder!
[GUNSHOT][SCREAMS]
Up! Up!
[WHIMPERS]
No, no! Please! What the fuck?
Dolores!
[SOBBING]
She's coming with me.
No, no, stop!Leave her be!
[GUNSHOTS][SHOUTS]
[CONTINUES SOBBING]
We're all going together.Pull that truck around back.
Let's go! Let's go!
Let's move!
Come on! Drive!Drive now!
[SCREAMS]Jesus fucking Christ!
[SOBBING]
God damn it!
Son of a bitch!
[DOLORES SCREAMING]
[CHRIS GRUNTING]
[GROANS]
What the fuck?
[GRUNTING]
[PANTING]
When I say the nameof your employer,
you say "yes."
Practice.[CHOKING]
Yes.
Camorra.
Juarez.
Gambino.
Do you understand the rules?
[CHOKING] My left pocket.
Kill you both.
That's all I know.
[WHIMPERS]
WOMAN:  Hello, dreamboat.CHRIS:  Dana's in danger.
Kill Christian Wolff,
transfer all domesticaccounts overseas.
Current vehicle?F-150.
Virus to triple Z?Wipe everything.
WOMAN:  Done. In the DOT database now.
Reassigning the license and VIN.
I have George Boole or Charles Babbage in the queue.
Boole. Obviously.
Silly of me. What else?
She is not your problem.
Straight to the trailer, hook it up, and disappear.
There's no time.
Only the trailer.
Address and phone number.Get it.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
[TIRES SCREECHING][HORN HONKING]
She's not answering.
[GASPS]
[SHUSHING]
Could have usedthe small box.
Well, she lookedbigger in the photo.
[LAUGHS][DANA GRUNTS]
[YELLS]
God!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[DANA SCREAMS]
[GRUNTS][MAN YELLS]
God damn!
Bitch!
Fuck.
[GUNSHOTS][YELLS]
[GRUNTS]
We should go.
[WHIMPERING]
BRAX: Since when areaccountants difficultto ventilate?
Dead? [CHUCKLES]
Christ! What'd he do,
hit him over the headwith an adding machine?
Oh, God.
[SIGHS]
All right, just put mein touch with the client.
I'll handle this accountant myself.
Running isn'tan option for me.
I can't justwalk out on my life!
We have to go to the police.
That's what normal,taxpaying people do!
Police can't protect youfrom someone
who can afford toreturn $61 million.
Return? What are youtalking about, "return"?
The money was beingput back.
Stay here.
What are you doing in here?
Who are you? You can't...
You should not be here.
Sit down. Sit right there.
What is this place?
PanAmerica, Airstream.
34 feet 7 inches long...
8 feet 5 inches wide.
Dimensions which are perfectlyadequate for one person.
Preferable, even.
This is where you live?
No, I don't live here.This is a storage unit.
That would be weird.
That's what would be weird?
I'd like to spendmore time here.
However, I'm afraid some ofmy clients might follow me.
Why would your clientsfollow you?
You're an accountant!
How do you knowwhat to do here?
Why are you preparedfor this?
Plus, this is on wheels...
which means I can hook it upand be gone in 12 minutes.
Usually.
Sarcasm? Is that sarcasm?
No, that's not sarcasm.
I don't use sarcasm.It's irritation.
Everything inthe world that is
important to meis in this trailer.
And right now,changing my routine
for youis jeopardizing that.
Tell me that's notan original Pollock.
We should go.
Now.
[CELL PHONE VIBRATES]
Medina.MAN:  Miss Medina?
This is Gordon Amundson with the FBI Language Services.
Uh, yeah. Any luck?
It's an unusual audio file.
Solomon Grundy is a nursery rhyme circa mid-1800s.
Your voice has four of the six intonation patterns
we use to define American English.
That's difficult to confirm with a rhyme.
Out of curiosity, was your subject a trauma victim?
Um, why do you ask that?
Well, you indicated on your submission...
that this event occurred in a high-stress environment?
Yeah. Exceptionally.
That's interesting.
The verse was repeated a total of four and a half times...
with zero variation in pitch, span, tempo,
volume or articulatory precision.
So what does thatmean exactly?
Well, we often see this type of repetitive chanting...
in children who have been exposed to trauma...
or persons with neurodevelopmental disorders.
Neurodevelopmental disorders?
Fragile X syndrome, autism.
Okay, so...
let's say I waslooking at mugshots.
How would thatpresent itself?
What exactly would I belooking for?
Fragile X... Elongated face,
protruding ears, poor muscle tone.
Autism's nearly impossible to identify visually.
The traits are behavioral...
Difficulty with social interaction, communication...
lack of eye contact.
MARYBETH:  Lack of eye contact.
[SIGHS] Okay.
Good luck to you.
Thanks.
[SIGHS]
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS]
DANA: None of thismakes sense.
Why go throughthe trouble of skimming
the money if you'regonna put it back?
CHRIS: Over thelast two years...
the number of invoicessubmitted by
Slewitt Manufacturingdeclined.
DANA: Scared ofgetting caught?
Price hikes?
Prices of consumer electronicsgo down, not up.
Right, down, yeah. Um...
I can't afford this.
I know. My treat.
IRS AGENT: In the US, 104 men...
last name any standard derivation
of your mathematician, Carl Gauss...
reported over $500,000 in any of the last seven years.
MARYBETH:  Okay  Go a million plus.
IRS AGENT: 17.
MARYBETH: Of the 17,
how many betweenthe ages of 25 and 45?
IRS AGENT: Four.
Of those four...
only one hasan income stream
that's cash heavyor easily laundered.
And he...
died three years ago.[SIGHS]
What's this?
It's names of the 100most famous mathematicians.
Look, we know what we're doing now.
So just enter the names,
narrow down the searchright off the bat.
Male, Caucasian...
25 to 45, earning a million plus.
No investment income.He'll concentrate on cash.
What's in it for me?
Look, if you help mefind him,
I'll see what I can do aboutgetting you outta here.
Please.
Single earneror filing jointly?
Hey, those paintingsin your trailer...
They're real, right?
Yes.
You didn't buy themat auction, did you?
They're a form of payment.
Right.
Hey.
Thank you.
At my apartment.
Oh.
Yeah.
Can we sit downfor a second?
Yeah. Okay.
Just...
Sit.
[CLEARS THROAT]
How do you, um...
know...
how to...
My father wasan officer in the Army.
Psychological Operations.
He was concernedthat I might be
taken advantage of somehow...
so he arranged for meto train with
a number of specialiststhroughout my childhood.
We lived in 34 homesin 17 years.
You moved 34 times?Mmm-hmm.
God. That's extraordinary.
No, I'm sure it must'vebeen difficult but...
I haven't been anywhere.
Well, Cancun.Not my proudest moment.
Um...
I just mean...
your life is... unique.
It's not unique.
I have a high-functioningform of autism...
which means I havean extremely narrow focus...
and a hard timeabandoning tasks
once I've taken them up.
I have difficultysocializing
with other people,even though...
I want to.
When I was a seniorin high school,
I wanted thisspecial dress for prom.
I told myself that spending$100 on a trashy dress
that I was gonnawear one time...
to an event that I thought
was silly in thefirst place, was...
Wasteful.
Yes.
But Vera Wang made thisblack, strapless classic.
It was more expensive,
but you could wear it toall kinds of future events.
It was an investment.Yes.
Where were youwhen I was in high school?
Oh, North Carolina, Israel.
Right. Um...
The problem wasthey wanted $1700
for this dressand I didn't have that, so...
You asked your parents?No.
Hang on.
Blackjack. I'd neverplayed a hand...
but I went to the libraryand I checked out
all these books on strategy.
And I turned theNaperville North math club
into a little Vegas.
What's a math club?Math club?
You compete againstother schools.
Theory and speed math.
Like, what's 298,567times 92?
27,468,164.
[CHUCKLES]
Right. Um...
Blackjack.
I could tell you when to hit,stand, split, re-split.
I moved on to card counting,
shuffle tracking,hole carding.
And I took everything I had,which was $183...
and I drove down toHarrah's in Joliet.
Why was this dressso important to you?
It wasn't about the dress.
I just wanted towalk into the gym
and have everybody say "Wow!"
I was trying to... belong.
I was trying to connect.
I think no matterhow different we are,
we're all trying todo the same thing.
Um, but I lost all but $20in the first 10 minutes.
I fed that into a nickel sloton the way out...
and I won two grand.Hmm.
I used the extra cashto pay for a limo.
Only wore the dressthe one time.
Chris, why are we here?
Um...
I thought this hotel hadgood water pressure.
The Holiday Inn Expressin Aurora
has good water pressure.
Yes, but, uh, these towelsare very fancy.
Cheaper hotelshave scratchy towels.
And...
I wanted you to like it.
Crazy Eddieand the Panama Pump.
Crazy Eddie Antarand the Panama Pump.
Have you ever heard of...
What?
Crazy Eddie Antar.
He owned a stringof electronic stores
in New York City in the 80s.
Crazy Eddie Antar,he started stealing
almost as soon ashe opened business.
Okay, I'm not following.
He deposited money in Tel Aviv...
and then he cycled itthrough Panama
and put it backinto his stores.
Okay. Why take it outand put it back?
Well, initially he wasjust stealing
in garden-varietytax evasion...
but then he came up witha better idea.
You see, by takinghis own money,
stealing it, and putting itback on his books...
He was raining cash.
He took the company publicat $8 a share.
A year later,it was trading at $75.
Rita's takingLiving Robotics public.
Yes.
But why would shehire you in the first place
if she thoughtyou would figure it out?
I don't know.
I'll have to ask her.
WOMAN:  Whatever Rita's involvement,
it's not your concern.
You disappear, I make a call.
Please. I worry about you.
If I don't do something,Dana will die.
Risking your life for a girl you've known a week.
Why?
Heavy sigh.
What's the plan?
Find the personwho wants to kill her.
And?
Shoot them in the head.
[CAR ALARM BLARING]
[SIRENS WAILINGAT A DISTANCE]
Last one.
Wolff, two "F"s,Christian.
245 men.
Four with incomesover a million.
All over the ageof 60. Sorry.
Right.[SIGHS] Your guy's an accountant.
Two Christian Wolffsown CPA firms.
The firstChristian Wolff owns...
Wolff Accounting.121 South Street,
Scottsdale, Arizona.
Income of 435 grand.It's a good year.
So good, we audited him two years ago.
He's clean.
The other Christian Wolff...
Nope.
Only 75 grand.
ZZZ Accounting.
Wabash Way,Plainfield, Illinois.
ZZZ.
I mean, it's not exactlya smart Yellow Pages move.
Wait a second.
Who filed the returnsfor Kim's Nails,
Wabash Way, Plainfield?
ZZZ Accounting. Couldjust be the neighborly...
Great Mandarin, Wabash.
ZZZ Accounting.
Paul's Laundromat.
BOTH: ZZZ Accounting.
Tell me they're allregistered as partnerships.
Every one.
Managing partner...
Christian Wolff.
[CHUCKLES]
Christian Wolff.Come in.
Christian Wolfflast year ran $75,543...
through his accounting firm.
Whoa. Who is Christian Wolff?
The accountant.
[MUMBLES]
75 grand?That's chump change.Agreed.
But he ran another $287,765through Kim's Nails...
$445,112 throughGreat Mandarin Chinese,
and you'll love this...
$505,909 throughPaul's Laundromat.
Paul's Laundromat?Are you fucking kidding me?
He's playing with us.
He can't cleanthat kind of money
through an accounting firm.
The paper trail's too heavy.
So he's laundering itthrough cash businesses.
All of those are in the samestrip mall south of Chicago.
ZZZ?
I mean, he doesn't careabout the traffic.
It's a front. All of it.
Christian Wolff, Carl Gauss,Lou "Lewis" Carroll.
He's using the namesof famous mathematiciansas a cover.
Charitable contributions hereto Harbor Neuroscience.
Last year alone,that's gotta cometo close to...
$1,000,100.
That one's not a cover.
That's the real deal.I checked.
So you're telling methis guy risks his life...
doing forensic accountingfor some of
the scariest peopleon the planet...
collects his fee,
goes to all the troubleof laundering it...
and then gives almostall of it away?
What if he's taking othermeans of payment?
Yeah, possible. Yeah.
I caught him, Ray.
Maybe.
Pack a bag.We're going to Chicago.
[SIGHS]
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
CHRIS' FATHER: 90% probability they're all right-handed.
[SPEAKING FRENCH]
Up to me, I'd snap four right wrists.
But maybe you enjoy waitingon a schoolyard sucker punch.
Life is a series of choices,none of which are new.
The oldest is choosing to be a victim.
Or choosing not to.
Second oldest... Loyalty.
Family first, good times or bad.
[BOYS CHATTERING]
Bonjour,fellas.
[BOYS SPEAKING FRENCH]
They're only glasses.
You think if youdon't fight back
then maybe they'll like you.
Stop picking on you,calling you "freak."
Well, here's what it is.
They don't like you, they don't dislike you.
They're afraid of you.
You're different.
Sooner or later,"different" scares people.
[BOYS LAUGHING,SPEAKING FRENCH]
Victim or not?Make a decision.
[YOUNG CHRIS GRUNTS]
Go.
[ALL GRUNTING]
CHRIS'S FATHER: You're different.
Sooner or later, "different" scares people.
FBI AGENT:  In here.
.357 Colt Python.
Serial number's gone.
Hydra-Shoks.
Wireless security cam.
Infrared, weatherproof.
He's got a network of 'em.
Whole back yard's got eyes.
This is our guy.
So why does a guy who's
up to his elbowsin cash live here?
Given his clientele,
he figures blending inwill extend his shelf life.
It's the smart move.
Well, maybe notsmart enough.
High-tech securitycameras back here...
anybody couldroll up in the front.
How does he cover this?
Jesus, Mary and Joseph.
Don't see that every day.
BRAX:  Boys, let's have a situation report.
We good, Ike?
All clear.
BRAX:  Rock and roll.
And how about you, sport?
It's Bobby.
I got nothing.
MAN:  Okay, yeah, I'm gettin  a feed on the camera now.
Move it to the left side.
LAMAR:  Is all thi  really necessary?
You should bewatching his home.
Yeah? What you think?
That's your ideaon the subject?
Love it when people tell mehow to do my job.
I believe I recommendedyou leave the country.
You declined.
He's an accountant!
I could see it in his eyes.
The freak wasn'tgonna let it go.
My best to Michelle.
I will.
[SIGHS]
[SIGHS HEAVILY]
I was old 10 years ago.
So what's your story,Medina?
You know my story.
I know what the courts said.
Stuffed a handful of cocaineup a drug dealer's nose...
pistol-whipped himinto the trunk of his car.
I was 17. It was August.
He cooked forthree days, but lived.
Do you regret it?
The coke was half borax.
Same shit he keptselling my sister.
She's a dental hygienist in Annapolis now.
Married, three kids.
No, I don't regret it.
That's rough.
All due respect,Director King...
what the fuck do youknow about "rough"?
[SCOFFS]
DON:  Wait  I gotta call it in!
RAY:  Move it!
RAY:  You tell me, Medina.
[GUNSHOTS]
Men kill each other for any number of reasons.
MOBSTER:  Bobby, you hear me?
RAY:  Money, power...
fear.
MOBSTER:  Right there, motherfucker!
[GUNSHOTS][MOBSTER YELLS]
RAY:  Nine men would die that day at the Ravenite...
but for none of those reasons.
No, they'd taken something
from the man who was killing them.
Something that couldn't be made whole again.
Something very important to him.
And he was there for his pound of flesh.
LITTLE TONY:  Please!
Just fucking stop, man!
Just put the gun down!
RAY:  Little Tony Bazzano.
I'd been wedged in a van for six months...
listening to that arrogant little prick
belch, fart, and brag.
LITTLE TONY:  Please.
I'm fucking begging you.
RAY: I didn't recognize his voice with all the fear in it.
LITTLE TONY: I didn't touch him! I didn't touch that old man!
I wasn't even...[GROANS]
RAY:  Our man ha  come for revenge.
And he got it.
Nine dead.
And I was 10.
Your name?[WHIMPERS]
Ray.
Raymond King.
Who employs you,Raymond King?
I'm a Treasury agent.
Are you a good one?
No.
No, not particularly.
Is that it?
Kids, I got... I'm a dad.
I got two kids.
Grown?
Yeah.
Yes, yes, they're all...They're all grown up.
Were you a good dad,Raymond King?
Yeah. I've been a good dad.
I'm a lousy agent,and I've been a weak man...
but that I didn't screw up.
That I got right.
[SOBBING]
Imagine you'rea Treasury agent...
approaching the twilight ofa spectacularly dismal career.
And then one day,
that break you should have been looking for.
Francis Silverberg, a black money legend.
Cleaned cash from Monte Carlo to Havana to Vegas.
He cooked the books for the Gambino family
for 40 plus years.
Until one day, the boss, Big Tony Bazzano...
thought maybe the old man's age
made him vulnerable to prosecution.
Ordered his son Little Tony to kill Francis.
Kid fucked it up.
Francis ran, became a federal informant
in return for protective custody.
Could have turned my career around...
if only I'd listened.
I didn't.
He was processed out,
and he lost the only protection he had.
DETENTION GUARD: Stand clear of the gate.
RAY:  The protection tha  he was promised
when he testified against Big Tony.
And this time, Little Tony got it right.
He had Francis in a couple hours.
[SCREAMING]
Down in a filthy basement in the Bronx,
nailed to a chair...
[FRANCIS SOBBING]
tortured to death.
So I volunteered for a joint task force.
Sat outside the Ravenite in a surveillance van for months...
hoping to get a shred of evidence
to use against Francis' killers.
DON:  Wait! Wait!
I gotta call it in!
Move it!
RAY:  I went in ther  hoping I could ease my guilt.
And I met our accountant.
Why he let me live, I didn't know.
But he changed my life.
[SOBBING]
Gave my notice at the Department.
I started looking forward to the day again.
You know, feeling the sun on my face.
Quit drinking.
Was on my way out the door...
and then the phone rang.
Ray King.
I'll never forget that voice.
WOMAN:  Do you like puzzles, Raymond King?
She tells me she worksfor the accountant.
And that a shippingcontainer
packed withChinese nationals...
is passing throughthe Port of New York.
Few months later...
one ton of uncut Juarez cartelproduct is entering Miami.
All those casesyou put together...
Smoke and mirrors.
[RAY SIGHS]
So who is he?
This accountant.
Prisoner 831.
Fort Leavenworth,maximum security.
Military prison?
So he was in the Army?
RAY:  Army lent hi  to us to track
al-Qaeda money launderers.
He was transferred from Leavenworth
to our detention center in D.C.
Did the work of five men.
Data mining, cluster analysis.
He roomed with Francis.
They kept to themselves, played chess...
ate together, sat in the TV room together.
They were inseparable.
And then one day, a guard told Wolff...
why Francis hadn't called or written since he got out.
That his burnt body had been found
in a Staten Island landfill.
Wolff snapped, went after the guard.
He fractured the man's skullwith a thermos.
Escaped froma third-floor window.
Took the thermos.
That's all you got?
I mean, Leavenworth,he'll have military records.
Records are allheavily redacted.
Well, then arrest records,something?
Spring of 2003,
at a funeral homein Kankakee, Illinois.
Our boy sends six locals to the hospital
with a variety of injuries.
No one knew Wolff.
The older man who came with him
was identified as a colonel, US Army.
A funeral home.
Whose wake?
One customer that day.
Mrs. Lauren Alton.
RAY:  Mrs. Alton taught first grade for 13 years in Kankakee.
Survived by a husband and two boys,
ages 12 and 10.
By all accounts, an ordinary life, well lived.
But cut short.
It'll be all right.
FUNERAL DIRECTOR: Excuse me, sir, this is...
family only.
Sir, I'm going to ask youto step outside.
RAY:  And then a fight breaks out.
A brawl, really.
Over what, the authorities never pinned down.
Get your hands...
[CHRIS GRUNTS][WOMAN SCREAMS]
Deputies respond.
A Barney Fife-typesquares off
with our boy, gets rattled, pulls his gun.
The colonel just stepped in front of 831.
Army collects both men.
Police report names Wolff as "Soldier One."
And widower identified the colonel by name.
His late wife's former husband.
I checked. It's an alias.
No more real than "Christian Wolff."
She was the deadcolonel's ex-wife.
And you think Wolffis what to him?
MARYBETH: Were you a good dad...
Ray King?
I've given up trying to figureout when I'll get a call.
The "why" though,that I've got.
Someone breakshis moral code.
[SCOFFS]
[SIGHS]
Why are you telling me this?
I'm retiringin a few months.
When she calls...
somebody needs to bethere to answer.
No.
He's a criminal, Ray.
Yeah.
He aides and abets drugcartels, money launderers.
He's a fucking killer.
Believe me, I wrestlewith the same decision.
But when I got that first call...
I realized something.
[SIGHS]
I'd spent my whole lifeonly recognizing
my lucky breaksafter they were gone.
The Brit, who is she?
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello?
WOMAN:  Miss Medina.
Tell Eliot Ness to get his feet off the furniture.
He's not in a barn.
Living Robotics.
Write it down.
BRAX:  North of six feet, short hair,
athletic build, yes?
LAMAR:  Correct.
BRAX: But whenyou say short hair...
you mean short hairlike my hair
or you meanshort hair like...
What's the difference?
I was toldyou could fix this,so fix it!
But you did speakto the man, am I right?
You spoke to him?
What did he sound like?
I didn't make small talk.
What's it matterwhat he sounded...
[RUMBLING]
That's Ike, right?That's the north side?
MAN:  Yo, Bobby, was that you?
Bob.
Bobby.
Ike, are you there?
Ike?
Guys, stop fucking around. Someone answer me. Ike?
Pull was to the left.
You might considerusing a round
with a superiorballistic coefficient.
Give me the layoutof the home.
Points of entry, corridors,rooms, cover.
Go.
Fuck.
Sit down.What's this...
BRAX:  Shut up. Sit down in the chair.
[SIGHS]
You ever see a match-graderound traveling
3,000 feet per secondgo through a window?
[GROANS][GLASS SHATTERING]
Nobody does.
Get down, now!
[MUFFLED GUNSHOTS]
Four men, front entrance.
Go right at him.Go now.
You...
I got the cameras.
Go join your friends.
Up.
Clear.
Smoke.
[GUNSHOTS][MAN GROANS]
Go, go!
[GUNFIRE]
[GROANS]
Attack front entry!
Man down!
[GRUNTS]MAN:  Guys, talk to me.
[GROANS]
You got eyes on who it is?
Someone talk to me. Let me know what the sitrep is.
[GUNFIRE]
[GROANS]
Are they dead?
MAN:  Give m  a situation report.
How many down?
Are they dead? Answer me!
Okay, he's on the roof. Start forming up. Let's move.
Check skylights, check windows.
That motherfucker comes in...
I wanna hear gunshots and I wanna hear "target eliminated."
That's enough.He's in the goddamn house.
Get out there and end this!
MAN:  Brax, give m  a situation report.
Have you got eyes on anything?
[PANTING]
[MEN GROANING]
[ALL GRUNTING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[GUNSHOTS][CHRIS GRUNTS]
[GROANS]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[BOTH CONTINUE GRUNTING]
[BEEPING]
[GROANS]
[GRUNTS]
What's happening?
Say something!
[CHRIS PANTING]
[GRUNTS]
Solomon Grundy Born on a Monday
Christened on Tuesday Married on Wednesday
Sick on Thursday Worse on Friday
Died on Saturday Buried on Sunday
And that was the end Of Solomon Grundy
What is this?
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
BRAX:  Hey! Hey!
Stand down!
Fuck off!
Hello, Braxton.
BRAX:  No, no.
Don't...
Don't do that.
Been looking for youfor 10 years...
and you're gonna come at me
like we just saweach other yesterday?
That's what you're gonna do?
What did I... [CHUCKLES]
What'd I think?
What'd I think?[CHUCKLES]
That you were gonna behappy to see me, I guess.
I am happy.
I need to finish.
You should go.
I should go?
Okay...
Okay, I'll just go.
But first, I'm gonnaask you a question.
You're gonna give mean answer.
Why would you and Popgo to that funeral?
She left us.Do you not remember that?
Do you not remember that?
[BOTH GRUNTING]
It's your faultthat Pop's dead!You hear me?
It's your fault!
I'm sorry, Braxton.Sorry?
Sorry doesn't cut it,you weird fuck!
[BOTH CONTINUE GRUNTING]
[PANTING]
You don't givea shit about me?
[GRUNTING]
How about now?
Are you gonna fight?
Fight!
[PANTING]
[BRAXTON YELLS]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
I'm sorry, Braxton.
If you had to see her...
If that was somethingthat you had to do...
you call me.
I'm your brother.I've always had your back.
You don't call him,you call me.
Did you evenwonder where I was?
I knew where you were.
I just wanted youto be safe.
Some of my clients are...
quite dangerous.
I'm kinda consideredfairly dangerous myself.
Well, you've madeimprovements.
[LAUGHS]
BRAX:  Shit, man.
You and me here...
What are the odds?
Statistically speaking...
Christ, man! It's rhetorical.I mean, really? [LAUGHS]
I was just saying.
[DOOR OPENS]
Not happy.
Do you consider whatyou do important, Mr. Wolff?
To someone otherthan yourself, I mean?
What I do is.
Living Robotics' public offering
would've been worth billions.
Money to be usedfor neuroprosthetics,
nanotechnology.
You...
Why in God's namedid I ever hire you?
To leak-proof your books.
Dana found a mistake,
and you wanted to be sureit was safe to go public.
And nowyou want to kill her.
I'm fond of Dana.
But I restore lives,not Dana! Me!
Men, women, children,I give them hope.
Make them whole.
Do you even knowwhat that's like?
Yes, I do.[GUNSHOT]
Sorry.
I missed you.
"Missed you, too, Braxton."
[CHUCKLES]
"Missed you, too,because I love you."
"You're my brother."
Maybe...
Do you want to...
Maybe I couldsee you in a week?
You name the place.I'll be there.
BRAX: How will I find you?
You won't.
I'll find you.
[REPORTERS CLAMORING]
There.
How do you respondto rumors...
that some of the victimshave wounds
consistent withanti-aircraft rounds?
I'd say the ChicagoPolice Department has
ample experience solvingall manner of homicides.
[REPORTERS CLAMORING]
TREASURY SECRETARY:  Tom.
Sir, how are the conspiracyand fraud charges...
related to the deathsof Lamar Blackburn
and his sister, Rita?
This is a veryfluid situation...
with a lot ofsurprising revelations
over the last 48 hours.
Let me introduce youto the person
leading the investigation...
Agent Medina.
[REPORTERS CLAMORING]
REPORTER:  Agent Medina,
did you get a clear indication...
[CLEARS THROAT] Um...
Good afternoon.
As much as I'd like totake credit for this...
I can't.
Because this wasa team effort...
comprised of long hours of
good old-fashionedinvestigative work.
Questions?
REPORTER 2: Can we getmore information...
WOMAN:  He was just like our other two.
He was a happy baby.
Now he rarely speaks.
It's like our childis missing. He's not there.
He's lost andhe needs our help.
We thought...
We hoped thathe would catch back up.
But he didn't.
NEUROLOGIST: One in 68children in this country
are diagnosed witha form of autism.
But if you can put aside for a moment...
what your pediatrician
and all the other NTs have said about your son...
MAN:  What? NTs?
NEUROLOGIST:  Neurotypicals.
The rest of us.
What if we're wrong?
What if we've been using the wrong tests...
to quantify intelligence in children with autism?
Your son's not less than.
He's different.
Now, your expectations for your son may change over time.
They might include marriage, children, self-sufficiency.
And they might not.
But I guarantee you...
if we let the world set expectations for our children,
they'll start low...
and they'll stay there.
Maybe your son's capable of much more than we know.
And maybe...
just maybe...
he doesn't understand how to tell us.
Or...
we haven't yet learned how to listen.
[JUSTINE GRUNTING]
Honey, for the hundredth time,don't wander off like that.
I'm so sorry.NEUROLOGIST: It's all right. It's fine.
Can he visit with youfor a while, Justine?
[GRUNTING]
Okay, good. Come on, folks.I'll give you the nickel tour.
You okay with that?
MAN:  It's okay, hon. Come on.
NEUROLOGIST: No, they'll be fine.
Justine's one of our few full-time residents.
She stopped talking30 years ago.
Communicates witha digital translator now.
WOMAN:  Doctor  how is Harbor funded?
We're fortunate to have very generous private donors.
MAN: I'll say they're generous.
NEUROLOGIST: Oh, why is that?
That woman, Justine...
Yeah, my daughter.
She's your daughter?
The reason I startedthe institute.
Justine's computer,it's a BX32.
Water cooled, 12 core.
NEUROLOGIST:  Oh, that's right  You're a software engineer.
Well, some of our donors are more generous than others.
Why? Is that a good computer?
MAN:  Good?
Doc, she could backdoor
the Pentagon withthat rig. [CHUCKLES]
Hello, dreamboat. Shall we chat?
[COUNTRY MUSIC PLAYING]
♪ I cannot say But I know you well
♪ Oh, but you can't Lie to me
♪ With all these books That you sell
[DOORBELL BUZZING]
♪ I'm not trying to follow you To the end of the world
Hi.Hi.
Sign here, please.
♪ I was trying To leave something behind
Thank you.
Thanks.You're welcome.
♪ Words have come From men and mouth
♪ Oh, but I can't Help thinking
♪ That I've hurt The wrong crowd
♪ When all the water is gone My job will be, too
♪ And I'm just trying To leave something behind
♪ Oh, and money is free
♪ But love costs More than a brick
[GASPS]
♪ And the ceiling is Hard to reach
♪ And the future ahead Is broken and rigged
[EXHALES]
♪ And I'm trying To leave something behind
♪ This world Is a foreign land
♪ We swallow the moon
♪ But we don't know Our own hand
♪ We're running with a case Oh, but we ain't got the gold
♪ And we're trying To leave something behind
♪ Oh, my friends, l believe We are at the wrong side
♪ And I cannot read What I did not write
♪ I've been to his house Oh, but the master is gone
♪ I was just trying To leave something behind
♪ I was just trying To leave something behind ♪